where
yeah kind of weird a real small grandma
it's easy
move and let it idle it probably for
itself
dad just go right over that
he's it up there
no more gas
hug your way so you don't run me in the
bushes
and then we're just going to go right up
there to the road see it over there past
the trees
right yeah you can go either way just
keep us going you cannot have to get a
little gas to make it over some rocks
just keep going you look at ease that on
it yeah
miss rare one
yeah we're gonna go up that little
growth there
go ahead and start turning into
you want to just go straight up through
there don't get your tires on the rocks
over there
he was going good guess
keep it rollin all right take your way
take it your way all right now my way
straighten your ass straight her out get
a move it quick keep going keep going
around
now we're going to go that way we out of
shit all right push College in go you
got to be eating or give it a little gas
when you do that
let's get up here and sit out of the way
stop clutch clutch clutch clutch brake
clutch and brake at the same time okay
forget it when you want to stop you got
to push the clutch or if you're going to
slow down and I have engine pool you
gotta all right start er up put the
clutch in
all right we're going to speed up a
little bit